Idea 1:

Genre: Action, Mystery, Puzzle

Style: Cyberpunk 

Who: A Rouge Robot, who was created byone of the scientist at the main corppration facility

What: A consciousness awakend isnide the Robot (could have gotten there in a form of a virus) or was a hidden deep inside his program.

Where: It is all happening in a futuristic city. The city is devided into different levels.
Levels 380-215 is the part above. Levels 215-136 are the levels underground and levels 136-0 are the deepest levels with level 0 being on
teh catual earth surface.
There will be many playable places. A few playable levels of the city, the corporation building facility as well as many more.

When: 2087, or could be any other Futuristic

Why: The main corporation is trying to use a new source of energy they have just found. This could be either a totally new substance in the
Earth or could be the Earths core. 
Either way it  would lead to the planets destruction. A small rebellion group starts acting against the the corporation. One of there 
people is a scientist at the corporation(he is the one who created the robot). 
They all are being hunted down and so the scientist puts part of his consciousness into him as well as the will and determination to stop 
the corporation from fulfilling its plan.

---

Idea 2:

Genre: Action, Adventure, Mystery

Style: Medieval, Fantasy, magic 

Who: A young hero ( could be a human, but doesnt have to be.)

What: 3 titans attacked the world, each seeking destruction and the main hero is trying to stop each titan.

Where: There are 3 bioms (the water biom, the jungle/forest biom and the desert biom), each with specific titan and the middle waste land
where teh evil itself resigns.

When: Time period not specified 

Why: Long time ago, an ancient evil was sealed away to long slumber by the three tribes with the help of gods. 
Many lives were sacrificed in order to achieve this goal. After so many years, the great evil had awakend and broken its chains.
In the form of three titans, it began attack at each of the tribes, killing innocent people and forcing them into hiding. 
Our heros goes to each of the bioms in order to save the people and defeat the titan. At the end, facing the evil itself, not knowing it 
has been lurking deep inside him all this time, being part of him.
